[Music]
as a boy John Dolittle had a special
gift why do dogs sniff each other that's
just kind of our way of shaking hands
but not everyone John this is your new
principal nice to meet you John could
appreciate it thirty years later the
gift is back Johnny animal could not
have talked to you he's a lunatic hello
Lucky's in the bathroom right now this
is crazy don't fix me I won't look at
another female I swear
yo what's up Harry boy sleeps in a cage
have to keep in the cage because yes
doctor just guessing but I think
he managed a slushy thermometer it's
going south for the winner
I'd like to go in manually what's he
saying you don't want to know
the word is out just stop barking
interview the doctor is in hey listen if
you have any actor indication I can
really use it
Wow Eddie Murphy oh yeah give you CPR I
don't know it's a false alarm it's just
yes stop looking at me like
[Music]